Save also reduced penetrance = false (together with true) when loading specific/all PanelApp panels (#5171)
Clinical-Genomics/scout: CHANGELOG.md

- Missing inheritance, constraint info for genes with symbols matching other genes previous aliases with some lower case letters
- Loading of all PanelApp panels from command line
- Saving gene inheritance models when loading/updating specific/all PanelApp panels (doesn't apply to the `PanelApp Green Genes panel`)

> - Save also reduced penetrance = false (together with true) when loading specific/all PanelApp panels (does not apply to the `PanelApp Green Genes panel`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Save also complete penetrance status (in addition to incomplete) if available when loading specific/all PanelApp panels (does not apply to the `PanelApp Green Genes panel`)
```
